# *Fast Task*: Success Criteria
### Criterion A Defined Criteria:
- [ ] User should be able to add new tasks to lists and sub lists.
- [ ] Tasks should remain persistent on the user’s device.
- [ ] User should be able to both update existing and delete existing tasks from lists.
- [ ] User should be able to customize the application theme and the theme of the tasks.
- [ ] User should be able to group tasks into subcategories and folders.
- [ ] Tasks should have optional time boundaries.
- [ ] The application should send push notifications when said time has elapsed.
- [ ] The application should allow integration with devices native calendar app.
- [ ] The application should permit the use of a home screen widget.
---
### Refined Success Criteria:
>Over the course of Fast Task's development after meetings with advisor we settled upon a singular categorization method for the application. During the initial ideation phase of the project I alongside my advisor thought up multiple potential methods for organizing the tasks generated by users. However, as the project developed we made the design decision to condense these extraneous methods into a single category descriptor alongside many filterable properties.

## Completed
- [X] User should be able to perform CRUD Operations on Tasks (Create, Read, Update, Delete)
- [X] User should be able to group tasks into categories
- [X] Tasks should have optional time boundaries.
## Adapted
- [X] The application should send push notifications when said time has elapsed. 
- [X] The application should allow integration with devices native calendar app.

## Incomplete
- [ ] The application should permit the use of a home screen widget.
- [ ] User should be able to customize the application theme and the theme of the tasks.
